[New Feature] Add star icon information to MapData wiki page (#39)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/MapData.md

The wind of a star impacts the effectiveness of a ship's ramscoops.

```html
icon <icon>
```

> The sprite listed here is the sprite of the star icon from the map screen when the starry mapmode is enabled. If a system has multiple stars, its star icons will be arranged radially.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sprite listed here is the sprite of the star icon from the map screen when the starry map view. **v. 0.10.11**
```
I don't think it makes sense to describe how the map handles multiple stars here.

Reviewer 2: "when the starry map view" -> "when in the starry map view"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sprite listed here is the sprite of the star icon from the map screen when the starry map view is enabled. **v 0.10.11**
```

> The sprite listed here is the sprite of the star icon from the map screen when the "starry mapmode" button is enabled. If a system has multiple stars, its star icons will be arranged radially.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The sprite listed here is the sprite of the star icon from the map screen when the starry mapmode is enabled. If a system has multiple stars, its star icons will be arranged radially.
```
